You can do business with the Lins
I believe
The smoke soon spread throughout the boutique
Let's wait to collect the money then.
Lin Jingyun, this is what your Lin family asked for
Now the Lin family is also in the water
In case something goes wrong
I just need to push the Lin family out to block the knife
When are Dad and Mom going to invest today?
Father will hold a banquet in the tea garden at noon tomorrow
We'll be fine then.
At that time
Wait until our Gu family masters the entire tobacco business
This whole boutique of smokers comes in
We have to follow suit.
Oh, dear.
My official position is not impossible
Gu Beichen
You'll never see the day when the government takes its place
Immediately the Gu family will cease to exist
Huangmei
This time it's very important
But there must be no loss.
Don't worry.
This is the chance for the Gu family to make a comeback
Just get this done
Bringing down your neighbor is not easy
Oh dad
There you are.
Rich, let's go
I'll cut to the chase.
For the sake of my daughter Junying
I plan to clear the rent for this tobacco land investment
100,000 ocean
100,000 dad
Really?
Thank you dad thank you
But then again
What mortgage can you take from now on?
mortgage